Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me,
Spirit of the Lord.
Father, I thank you for this time of
prayer tonight.
Father, we have work to do, and I yield
myself to you, Holy Spirit,
that you pray through me.
Father, let it be none of me and all of
you.
I thank you, Father, that we yield.
We yield to the precious Holy Spirit,
that you help us tonight so
that
we pray and we touch the
heart of the Lord.
Thank you, Father.
All glory to Jesus.
We give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his love, his wonderful
love. We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love.
Well,
good morning, good evening, wherever you
are, family. We're so excited to be with
you all again today.
I have some things on my heart
tonight. We went to a healing service,
and boy, was it glorious. You know,
there were people getting healed of all
kinds of things tonight. But I know I could
feel the anointing that was so strong.
The atmosphere shifted, and I always
wait for it because when I
travel and go see Billy Burke, I wait
for that healing anointing to come
in the room. And
whenever it shifted, I felt
it when these elders were singing
on the
stage—the
Blackwoods, or whatever they were called.
I felt it when it started to shift.
And then Sister Billie led all our family,
spread
around the room, and started
laying hands on the people. And boy, I
tell you what, it was glorious to see
the people. It blesses my heart, though, to
see the people get healed. And
then there
are
certain people
that the Lord had spoken to me
and told me they were going to go home,
and their season on this earth was
coming to an end. And as I was praying—which I
never told
these people
that they were going home, but the
Lord had
given me prophetic words and I've been
praying over
certain
people—the
Lord said to me, he said, 'As of
tonight, I've extended their days,
Braden.
I'm extending time.
They need to be on this earth more.
So, I'm giving them, because there are healings
that manifested, I'm
going to give them more
time.'And
I said, 'Really?
Really?'I
said, 'That's
amazing.'I
said, 'Okay, well, praise the
Lord.'So,
these
people got their... It's like when
King
Hezekiah
turned his face to the wall and
repented. I don't think
for
these people it was about repenting; it
was just about their season coming up.
He said, 'I'm extending
some people's days
for the calling that was on
their life. They are needed more here
than over
there.'And
he said, 'I'm giving more time for
certain
people.'And
so, I was blessed by that.
Yesterday,
when I did the
livestream,
my attitude was bad.
And there were things that the Lord had
corrected me on privately because of
having a bad attitude.
I didn't feel that cloak come on me.
And I told you all, whenever I don't
feel that
and it's dry, I don't like to leave the
prayer up
because
I don't want to waste your time.
I told Diana, I said, 'These people
come, they're desperate. They don't want
to hear me rambling for two hours and have
a dry, anemic prayer for two
hours.'And
I said, 'When I don't
feel it, I feel that
cloak come on me.'I said, 'Lord, what did
I do?'and
he corrected me. I got
rebuked on some things.
So, I went in and I repented
of my heart,
and the Lord...
that cloak immediately came back on. It
was on all day long today. And the glory
of the Lord was... I went to
get some fish to eat to take care of
myself. And I went and got my fish, my
rice,
and the presence of the Lord
was so strong on me all afternoon.
I was driving around like I do at
home, and that cloak was on me all
day long.
And whenever I was in the meeting
tonight, it was all in my head all night.
And I thought he was going to show me
some things, but he was just letting me
know he was there.
He just told me he was extending some
people's lives and things. And then I
got to meet a man who sees similarly to
the way the Lord shows things to me.
And I got to talk to him for a little
bit privately.
And he has high connections in some
government stuff. But I'm
going to tell you this:
everything the Lord has had us praying
over,
God confirmed it tonight.
And I want to tell you, it's
nothing about Brandon; it's all
glory to Jesus.
And it really, you know, instead of...
sometimes you wonder
when you're seeing and you're
looking, 'Man,
I
don't want to get flaky.
want confirmation.'And when you have
somebody who is a lot older and more
polished than you
confirm and validate some of the words
that God has given you to pray for this
nation,
it really
lifted my spirits.
I don't know very many people like me.
And I don't say that like, 'Oh, Brandon's
something.'I
just don't know anybody really like
me,
and that's just being real with you.
And when you come across
another
watchman who is polished,
it really helps you and encourages you
to make you realize that you're not
on some bad oregano pizza
and you're just... because sometimes
I just go, 'My goodness, Lord, the
things you show me
to prepare the people
that Jesus Christ is
coming.'That's
all it's about. But tomorrow, I get
to have my green screen back when I do
my livestream tomorrow evening when I
pray with y'all. So, I have my green
screen, and
all my lights are back. So, I
don't look like I'm in some kind of
tunnel with a flashlight on my face.
Hello! Hello! Hello!
But, you know what? I'm just
expecting... I sure love our pastors
where
we go to church, at
Glorious
Church,
seeing the presence of God move. I had never
heard our pastor's testimony
before about God healing her heart when
she had a tear in her
artery and she almost bled
out,
and the power of God hit her and
healed her. Man, that was glorious
to hear that.
I've never heard that, and I've been
going to church there for over a year.
I don't know where I've been, but
it was amazing to hear it. And there
were
so many other amazing testimonies
tonight. You can go on their
livestream
if you want to hear about the
healings that took place. But glorious!
But tonight,
Diana wanted to go down to the
front and get prayed for again. And the
power of God hit her so strong. She went
out stiff as a board, and when she
came
back, the glory of the Lord
was on my wife so strong. And
I thought it was strong whenever she
goes to a Billy Burke meeting, but I'm
telling you, tonight the Lord... there was
an
impartation. And
she was like electrocuted;
last time her whole hand
shook,
but this time her hand
shook but her whole body shook, and she
was feeling fire in her belly. She
said, 'It feels like I had butterflies
all in my
stomach.'So,
she came up and she was
different. She sat there, and even
whenever I was going and getting the
kids something to eat tonight, she was
underneath the power of God the whole
time. And she said, 'Brandon,
my whole head, my whole brain,
everything has been... just feels like I
have electricity going through
me.'And
so, it was glorious to see my wife
get touched by the Holy Spirit again
tonight. It really blessed me.
I got touched, but it was nothing like
her. I told her, I said, 'Man, she keeps
getting doses of
the Holy
Ghost.'So,
yep, praise the Lord. But I want
to go over some of the things that are
happening right now on the news.
We had the Kings rallies today,
and what a joke that was.
Look, I want to show you some of
the pictures of all of the Kings
rallies real quick. This is the
Kings Rally protest in Chicago.
Look at that. Look how many people
showed up for that protest in Chicago.
Can you show them, son? Yeah.
Look at them all.
Can they see it? Yeah.
We're talking probably 100,000
people plus at that.
We had them all over the United States
today.
And
to me,
it's just the devil. Of course, y'all,
a lot of this is paid protest. And this
is what the Lord showed us was coming.
But from what I have seen so far, our
prayers are working. They were peaceful.
Nobody acted stupid and burnt buildings
down or
shot anybody, nothing. Nobody
got hurt.
So all glory to Jesus on that. So that
is a big prayer assignment that I
believe was successful because the
enemy's plan was to cause civil unrest,
and that's what we're
praying against right now, that we bring
peace to our cities, and that's why we
have prayer on here. But look at
this. Are they able to see it? New York.
That's New York.
Did you know that they took a poll for
the New York mayor that's running there,
that the Muslim has a 90%
approval rating?
90% in that poll.
The other guys barely even hang.
That's incredible to me.
That tells you how bad the reprobate
mind is in New York City.
Going that far.
They want to bring Sharia law into
New York.
Folks, that tells you we're in the
last of the last days. Things are
escalating at such a rapid pace. So the
other part
is,
are these all king's protests, son? Yeah.
That is amazing. Yeah. All across
the country. The whole country today.
Do they see it?
Yeah.
It's amazing to me. I mean,
shock
and awe, in my opinion. But it just shows
you where I told you. So this is okay.
You don't have to show no more. So, this is
why I try
to tell you all we
must pray for midterm elections. We
cannot wait until 2026 into the fall and
go, 'Well, okay, we're going to pray about
this.'This
must be tackled now.
We must pray over this now.
Going into 2026, going in all the way
until the November, this time next year,
we'll
be there. And we should already
have pushed this through.
We should push this through way
in advance and not wait. I mean, by
summer of next year, it should already be
settled in the spirit realm is what I'm
saying.
And so, it's just serious. The Lord said
if we do not pray, if we do not
take our authority, even Oklahoma would
be divided. He said it would be split
from Miami to Lawton, and that
it would be split, and it would be blue
and red, and he said, 'You cannot lose
Oklahoma
to the Democratic party. We must
remain in power for what is
coming.'And
this is whenever I saw the state of
Texas dividing a line, trying to in the
days ahead
secede from the United States and create
their own area
because I saw attacks coming against the
Second Amendment, and I saw it would be
a place that
harbors. Is that right, son? Is
that
the right word?
Harboring? They would be a harboring
state, like you will want to go there if you
want to have the Second Amendment, that
they would set up laws and they would
set up things to protect the Second
Amendment, that it would not be able to
be taken away from the people regardless
of whatever the
federal government would say.
So, I saw that, and then I saw
Louisiana trying to be a part of that,
but they put up borders from
the east and on the west, and it was
separate. I thought that was
interesting
because they have their own port, they
have their own oil, they have their own
everything, their agriculture, their
everything. It's like they're a little
country by themselves because they have
their own port, the Gulf. And
so, I thought that was kind of
interesting, some of the things that I've
seen. But still, going back to
Brandon
Brim,
he started a church in
California
in, what was this? What is this?
Montecito?
Yeah. Is that
right? I believe it's right. I believe
that's
right.
Yeah.
He started a church there. So I always
want to help out somebody. If
you're
starting a church and you're just
a baby church—and this guy, I
know he flows in the gifts of the Spirit,
and he's Billy Brim's grandson,
and I talked to him in the hall. The
young man is on fire for the Lord. He
walks in signs and wonders. He sees in
the spirit. He has a great call
on his life. His wife, Destiny, is on fire
for the Lord. She sings like a bird. And
my heart went out to him
this time. And I just really, if you
live in the Montecito area in California...
His ministry's name is Brandon
Brim Ministries—his
name's
Brandon,
and he flows in the gifting. He went to
heaven. He's had visitations with angels
and all kinds of amazing things. And I
wouldn't recommend something if I
thought it was dead.
I'm going to tell you, I'd just blow it
off and wouldn't tell you about it at
all. I mean, because I get all kinds of
people want me to, but I just felt
it in my spirit because he's starting this
church out there. And California needs
revival.
California needs revival.
And what better way to do it than
with
a young man that
believes in revival and wants the Holy
Ghost to move in Montecito?
And this
goes alongside
what
I told him of my visions of Kim Kardashian,
and I saw all the sisters getting born
again. And people were like, 'Oh, Kim
Kardashian will never get...'Don't count
the Holy Spirit out.
If He can save
me,
if He can save you, how could He not
save them? 'Well, I'm not as bad as
them.'How
do you know?
Yeah, we see things and, yeah, they've
been into the porn industries and all
that stuff, but God can use anybody He
wants.
And so, I want to
say, don't be quick to judge what God
can do with these young women.
Yeah, they're probably my age, but I
believe God's going to do something with
them. Same with Justin.
I said his name wrong. Everybody said
Bieber. Did I say...?
I thought it was
Bieber. I thought it was Bieber. I don't
know, I guess
I don't know his name,
but I got a creative... Everybody said, 'You
said his name wrong.'I'm like, 'Whatever.
I didn't mean to.'And Billy and Chris
and Mel Gibson.
I believe we will have one of the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen before, and it will be even in
California. But God is sending His
people ahead of time, getting them ready.
And there has been prophecy after
prophecy after prophecy that I found out
about
through this young man,
that he is finding out
that...
sorry,
I saw through the prophecy from this
young man, he was talking, Brandon said
that there's so many words that have
been given about that area, that there
was coming a great revival, a great
harvest of souls, a great move of
God in the Montecito area. And so, I'm
excited about it. You know, I'm just
like, 'Hey, we need people to pioneer
work in California
because I'm not the one to do
it.'And
so, let's support the ones
that feel called to do it.
Can I have my drink?
So, I was excited for him. So, if you
are in that area, and you're in
Montecito
or in that area around there, people
were
driving six hours because there's no Holy
Ghost
services around there. All glory
to Jesus. So, we're going to pray
tonight. And so,
we see Donald Trump having these
meetings there. He is
determined to create peace. We saw Hamas
break the Gaza ceasefire today by doing
something stupid and Israel retaliated.
So, I don't know if that whole peace
thing is done or whatever, but I didn't
feel it would last very long anyway. I'm
just telling y'all, I've seen a great
escalation of war coming from Syria,
attacking from Iran and Turkey. And
I'm telling you, I've seen a great
escalation of war.
So,
it's just part of the end times.
That's
where we are, and Jesus is coming.
So, are we ready to pray? Hey, did
I have my communion? We went and got my
communion crackers today.
I went by and got them at the
store
up there,
buddy. Yeah. My Welch's and my
cracker. I don't want the whole bag,
but I'll take some. See, I got my
Welch's
and I told
Diana I don't want to do
a
chip again, but I got my
little crackers.
So, you can pray with me tonight.
I told them, praise God,
we got it. I like Welch's, too. It's a
lot better than what is in
those little cups.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for your healing
power that flows on the inside of us.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes
we're healed.
And Lord, we just lift up this body
before you.
And we thank you, Lord. We give all the
glory to Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for your fresh touch
on Diana tonight, on Paisley, on Megan.
Father, I saw the fire on my Megan
tonight.
I could see your eyes moving around.
Father, I just believe that Megan is
healed.
And I thank you, Lord,
the same power that raised Jesus Christ
from the dead dwells on the inside of
me.
And I believe, Father, that today
is our expiration date for the things
that we need.
Now, God, I pray for every single one of
them tonight that the healing power of
God flow through this camera.
And we thank you, Lord, that by the
stripes of Jesus, they are healed,
too.
And as I pray for them,
we believe that the demonstrations and
the manifestations of the glory
are sent through this camera in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, that we can take
this body
and it never loses its power. You know,
it never gets old. It never expires.
Galatians stands strong forever and
ever and ever.
The word of God is alive and it
never loses its power. It's a pillar in
your life.
And we believe tonight that by the
stripes of Jesus, we're healed. And he
said he provided for us. And I believe
that tonight the healing power of God
flows from the top of their head to the
soles of their feet. And we take this
body in Jesus'name.
Thank
the Lord.
I thank you, Father, for the blood.
We denounce word curses,
incantations, chants, voodoo, whatever
it may be. Father,
and we apply the blood of Jesus over my
family tonight.
We apply the blood over our health
tonight.
And we thank you, Lord, that the angels
of the Lord are camping around and about
this hotel room.
And we thank you, Lord, that if there's
anything you want to show us,
Father, we plead the blood over my eyes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I see
only what you want me to see,
I hear what you want me to hear.
And as we enter into this time, Father,
you show us that which is to
come,
for you said that you do
nothing in the earth without revealing
it to the prophetic voices first.
So, Father, we believe
that the healing power of God,
the delivering power of God, you've
come
and you've set the captives free.
And I believe for every single person
here tonight,
Father, to get a fresh touch
from Jesus,
that you become more real to them
than even the very air they breathe,
the very water they drink, the
very food they partake of. I thank
you, Father, that you become so real to
them
that they don't ever question in
their mind
whether Jesus loves them or not,
that they are fully persuaded
that what God has promised he's able
also to perform it.
And Father, we take the blood right now
in the name of Jesus, and I thank you
that if God be for me, who can be
against me?
I thank you, Father, that there is a
covering over Diana, there's a covering
over my Megan, over Paisley, and over
Braden.
I plead the blood of Jesus over our
finances. And I thank you, Father, that
you said in your word that there's
some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold. And I
believe we sow into good ground, and we
don't sow into bad ground. We sow into
the ground the Holy Spirit leads us to
sow into. When he says, 'Give, and it shall be
given unto us, good measure, pressed
down, shaken together, and running over,
will men give unto your
bosom.'Father,
I thank you that whatever we put our
hands to will prosper, that we don't
lack any good thing.
Not one of us,
every single one of us
walk in abundance of blessing.
We lack no good thing. Why? Because we have
tither's rights. I'm a tither, and I
believe you should be a tither. I
believe with all my heart that
God rebukes the devourer for my sake.
That's what he said in his word, and I'm
calling it in.
People say, 'Well, Brandon, why are you
believing for more?'Because it's going
to take money to get the job
done. It's like so many
ministries are believing for so much,
like Sister Billye's believing for stuff for her
apartment thing in Israel for the
people—it's Migdal
is what it's
called. There's so many people believing
for stuff,
you understand? And so I believe
these projects, what the Holy
Spirit's
for the end times, for these Brush
Harbor churches, for all the things that
God has called us to do, is going to
take money. So that's why I'm
trying to teach you all how to latch on
and believe God for more.
It
shouldn't just be your four and
no more.
It should be that we have enough money
to get the gospel out and spread the
good news throughout the whole world.
And if you don't know how to
believe that way because your church
isn't teaching you,
then I hope I can help you,
because
I believe in the power of
seedtime
and harvest, that whatsoever a man
sows, that will he also reap.
But if you don't,
every seed produces after its own kind,
and I just believe in that.
And so I see so much lack.
I see so many people believing for
something. And
as I was listening to them at
this conference
believing for, I mean, it was like mega
money, like more money than is like, to
me, the money that they need for this
project,
I thought, 'Lord, how do we
get
that?'It
shouldn't be that the body of Christ is
struggling for this.
There should be a
million
surplus because we're doing
what you asked us to do. Do
you see what I'm saying? So, I was just
thinking about that. And I know what the
Lord has shown me about certain
investments like cryptos and
things, and I thought, 'Lord, we
just need the fountain. We need that to
turn on for this end-time
harvest.'You
know, because I know what he's
shown
me, but I know what he said to me
about Satan. This is Satan's wheelhouse, and
he
always talks to me about finances
and how the devil tries to block it from
the
believers,
tries to keep
people poor, because if he can control
the money, he can control
stuff.
He tries to put his hand in there and
block stuff. And that's why we come as a
believing believer. And I told the Lord,
'There's seed in the
ground.'I
know there's people out there that
have sacrificially given,
you all,
to churches, to ministries,
and you haven't seen your harvest yet.
So, I start going, 'Lord, what's the
holdup?
Teach me,
Father, so I can teach all these people.
What's the holdup to these people's
prosperity?'Because
some people say, 'Well,
it's a lack of faith, brother. You know,
it's like you're always praying for
healing, you never get your healing.
Well, you know, it's because you might be
living in sin, you might—well, it could
be because you haven't spoken
right.'And
there's always some kind of Christian
cliché of why you haven't got your
breakthrough.
'Well, it's because you're
in strife with your wife, that's
probably
it.'And
I go,
'But what if you're not,
and you're still doing all there else to
do is
stand?'But
I believe
in speaking and calling those things
that be not as though they were, and
calling that money in. But I
got so tired because I was raised
this way, always believing for the
mailbox mentality.
'Well, we need a miracle.
Yep, Sister so-and-so, we didn't
have money for food, so if Sister
so-and-so doesn't give you the money, you
don't have the money to get through the
rest of the week.'But you live from
miracle to miracle to miracle, but you
don't live in overflow, but yet you
sacrificially give. And I think, 'What is
the holdup?
Where is the
break?'Where
is this?
So that's where I told Diana, oh, I got
to take the blood. I apologize. I got
on something because the Holy Spirit
triggered me. I'm
not going to lose this because this
is going to help you.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus,
and I apply the blood, and I thank you,
Father, for the blood of Jesus right
now.
And we thank you, Lord, that it never
loses its power. And I plead the blood
of Jesus over this room, over me, my
mind, my will, my emotions in
Jesus'name.
And we make much of the blood.
Amen and amen.
Now that's so much better
than those little Dixie cup
things.
Okay.
So I said I got so tired because I saw my
mom and dad always sowing
and struggling,
and as a young man, I struggled
myself when I first got married. We
struggled really bad,
and I got tired of it,
living on food stamps, and
you're sowing and you're giving.
Like I said, we were
required to tithe at our church. If we
didn't tithe, we were fired. They would
look at the register of
who gave what, and if you were on staff
and you didn't tithe a certain amount,
they'd call you into the office and
say, 'Where's the tithe?
Where's your tithe at?'And
I'd
say, 'I didn't have it to give.
We were trying to pay our
electric.''Well,
you know the rules.
If you don't tithe, you don't work here.
Either you tithe and you give, or you're
fired.'So
we were forced to tithe.
That's just the way it was.
You tithed before you paid your bills.
And if you didn't, you were fired
working on staff at this mega-church I
worked at.
And so I had a real hard problem with
that. And my heart really was cranky about
it because my kids weren't doing
without—we
were living on food stamps
and I was angry.
But one day I gave it to God, and I said,
'God,
either it's true or it's not.
Either you're a blesser
or this whole thing's a lie.
But I refuse to live this way anymore.
You either anoint my mind—I know I'm a
man that doesn't have a lot of education.
I know my wife is a beautiful
woman to me,
and she's suffering. We
had
to go to thrift stores to
buy our kids'clothes, all our baby
clothes, all of it. We only
looked
for stuff at garage sales for a
quarter, ten cents. What could we do
to haggle to be able to clothe our kids?
And that's the way it was
forever. That's the way even our
bottles, whatever we could find, we
bought everything at garage sales. We would go to
the rich neighborhoods and we
would take 20 bucks, and we'd buy our
kids'fall
clothes with it, or summer,
or
whatever we had.
And we were excited if we could get it
at Target because their clothes were
better than Walmart's.
And so
this is the way it was.
that's what I was trying to tell
people. I came up with the idea to do
eBay—well,
Diana did, it wasn't me.
I was praying in the spirit, praying in the
spirit, and then one day she came to me.
She said, 'Brandon,
I have an idea.'And I thought she was
nuts
because
we didn't have enough money to pay
our electric bill. And she said,
'Bren,
I'm going to take this last $100
we have. We don't have enough to pay the
electric anyway,
so they're going to cut it off in
two
weeks. So let's just take that $100 and
do something with it, and try to make it
happen.'And
I looked at her and said, 'Are you
nuts?
I can try to scrounge up $100 more to
pay our electric bill, and we won't have
any
food money or gas money, but at least
our power will be on so we don't go
without
power.'She
said, 'No, I feel this in my
spirit.'I
said, 'Whatever you feel, hun,
I'll back it.'So that's where it started
from. But he got so tired of sowing in
the offering
and waiting for a miracle always,
and
instead he said, 'Whatever you do, I'll
give you power to get wealth. You go out
and make it happen, Captain. Stop
waiting for a
handout.'It's
like this, you know,
when people say, 'Teach a
person to fish.
If you give somebody a
fish, they'll have enough for a day. If
you teach a person to fish, they'll be
able to feed themselves
forever,'you
know, kind of a deal.
I probably butchered that, but it's
similar. But I'm trying to tell
you all,
out of desperation,
doing eBay, Poshmark, and Mercari
changed our life. But we didn't wait
for it to happen; we went out and took
what's ours.
We learned to go to thrift
stores. It took us forever.
Diana and me, praying in the spirit
for hours and
hours—that's
where I learned to develop my gift.
But it was out of desperation,
and I would learn where to go,
asking the Father, 'Show me where the
good stuff is. I'm looking for something
that
sells for
more.'So,
just praying in the spirit,
and eBay changed our life. The
Holy Spirit
used that to change our life.
And it was to the point where,
in the first six months, we made more
money than we made an entire year at
the church.
And it started compounding. We just
kept growing and kept doing it. But I
want to tell you, I got so tired of
the—wow,
I wonder what that's all about.
You hear those, please.
I got so tired of
the prosperity preaching
at church.
A lot of charismatic, 'Sow your $58
seed'—not
that I'm knocking that,
man—'Sow
your 58 for your $58
miracle.'I'm
very careful; I don't touch the
anointing.
But I got tired of hearing it and not
seeing the fruit of it, and always not
putting my boat into motion.
And so I tell you all this because
I think it gets real flaky there. There's
a real flakiness to it.
I asked God, 'Show me how to flip
a car.'So
I'd
find a car
that was
on another part of town,
try to find it for a cheap
deal—800
bucks—and
try to flip
it.
Put a little bit of money—it might be a
clunker that's broken—put a little bit
of money into it, clean it up real good, put
some new tires on it. Maybe they're used,
because
I always look for used tires.
You can find some tires that
were not too treaded out. I don't know
why I'm telling you, but there's
some
for somebody
trying to figure out how to double and
triple your money,
asking the Holy Spirit to give you
wisdom about it,
do you know what I'm saying?
Not waiting for
somebody always to hand you a Holy
Ghost handshake.
'Here, brother, here's your
$100.'You're
going, 'Oh my God, thank God I got $100,
that'll get me through two
days.'And
you're going, 'Oh God, I've got to
believe
for the next
one.'But
believing God for so much more
than always just waiting for your Holy
Ghost handshake at church.
You know what I'm talking
about—Holy
Ghost handshake. You're looking for
a
sister with a lot of money. And a
lot of times you see the ministry of
hints. You're walking around going,
'Well, I'm believing God for my
electric bill today,'and you're talking
to the rich people at church, hoping
they'll have sympathy on you,
that they'll want to help pay your
electric bill because you're going, 'Oh God,
you know, we've been struggling.
You know, we're believing God just like
everybody.'And
you look at them,
they're going, 'Okay, well, I know what
you're doing. You're asking for money in
a polite Christianese
way.'I
didn't want to be that.
I wanted to be the man with a
picture
in his hand.
Teach me.
Teach me to not fish with just a
fishing pole. Teach me to fish with a
net,
Father. Teach me.
And that's why I continually am asking
the Father, and when I hear about
Magdala
and these projects—and I think
it's like $20 million to finish this
project, it's huge money,
right?—and
I go, 'That should not be.
The body of Christ should be the head,
not the tail, above and not
beneath.'But
I think a lot of the times because it is
Satan's wheelhouse, and he tries to block
the blessing from the body of Christ so
much because he knows what it's going
to take to get the gospel out, because
why? It's all about souls.
The more we have the money, the more we
have the finances, we're able to get the
job done so we can get out of here.
But if you're broke, you can't even give
enough. It's like the youth project at
the church trying to finish the rest of
that. I think they need another,
like, $200,000 or something more.
So,
if you're in a small community, $200,000
is
a lot of money. Do you get that?
So you get a little bit here, you get a
little bit there, and you're excited
whenever you get enough to be
able to put some cement slabs up or
whatever. But I thought, what does
it
take to be a paymaster?
What does it take to be that
person that has the big money,
like the Greens? If it
wasn't for the Greens of Hobby Lobby,
ORU wouldn't exist right now.
The Holy Spirit used them. And some people
get ticked off at people being, you know,
they say, 'F the rich'and all this
craziness, whatever. I mean,
it's so ignorant.
If it wasn't for the Greens
being used by the Holy Spirit, ORU would
have closed their doors. I think they
had to give them $47 million
or they would have closed their doors
because of mismanagement of money.
There had to be something,
but it was them bailing them out that
God used to help save that whole
university. And my wife graduated there,
thank God.
Thank God, it is a Christian university.
They're changing lives. But the Lord
showed me a major revival is about to
happen there.
But it took somebody with some common
sense that had 400 stores, Hobby Lobbies,
and Mardel's all throughout the United
States that was able to say, 'Here, here's
a $47 million
check.'I
don't know about you, but even a
million-dollar
check, I'd pass out.
$100,000, you know, come on.
But 47 million bucks
here,
do you—that
is an
absurd amount of money.
That's crazy money. But they had
it,
and I thought we need more
people like that. But what is it going
to take to get that? First, the love of
money is the root of all evil. If you're
crazy about money and God can't get it
through you, He won't get it to you.
So, I really truly believe there's
something more to this for the
end-time
harvest and the end-time wealth transfer
for what we need for these next couple
of months and going into the next
year. I heard one pastor talking about
how
we're about to have
an economic crisis. I believe there's
an outpouring of finances first. And
that's what I believe for the body of
Christ, that we lack nothing.
We should not be lacking anything. We
need this to get the job done.
So, I think about things all the
time.
I pray and the Lord gives me these
ideas. I'm driving down the road and
He'll say, 'That
land over there. If
somebody buys that, they'll be able to,
and within the next couple of months, that
land's going to
quadruple in price and it'd be worth
millions.'But
that takes money to buy that. But
He's always educating me.
He's always teaching me about the
end-time
harvest money. He teaches me
all the time and He talks to me, and I
know something's about to happen. I
know. I just believe it
because
I'm like, 'Why are you telling me
this stuff? Are you just educating
me?'Practicing
His presence—people go,
'What's that mean, Brandon? What does that
mean to practice His
presence?'Act
like He's there.
I don't look at God as twinkle, twinkle,
little star. 'Lord, you're way out there
somewhere where you
are.'He's
in me. He dwells. As He is, so are we
in this world. I act like He's just like
my wife sitting next to me.
'Hey, how's your day?
I love you.
I want to talk to you. Are you my
friend?'When
I told you I ticked Him off
yesterday, I knew it immediately because my
broadcast was terrible.
And I said, 'Lord, why is this so
bad?'He
said, 'Your attitude's bad,
and I'm not going to pour that
cloak on you. It's teaching you.
You cannot have that. You've got to
repent and go on.'And the moment I fixed
it—but
it caused me to align
because,
bottom line, folks, I was
irritated because there were so many of
you all irritated that came to the
meeting that wanted to talk to me and I
didn't know how to handle it, and there
were
things that I had to deal with in
my heart
about it.
And the Lord instructed me
because I didn't know what to do.
I'm new at this. I'm just a dude that's
just getting raised up in ministry,
and I'm just telling you all, I
don't have all the answers and I'm
asking the Holy Spirit, 'You teach me. I
need you. I don't know what to
do.'And
as I grow, and I've seen my elders,
you know, that have been in this for 50
years...
like
a widow woman. She was a widow
raising up four kids by herself without
a husband. He died at 48 years old,
49 years old, and she raised kids up all that
rest of that time by herself
and had them and everything, and
God used her. And she carried a
ministry without a husband all those
years. And there's something to learn
about that. That's honorable.
I can't imagine, usually, a
woman doing something by herself without
a husband back there beside her to help
do it. I know Kathryn Kuhlman did some
things, but she was married at some point
in time. But
there's something to be said about that.
Longevity in ministry is not an easy
thing. I've seen them come and I've seen
them go.
You see a spark and you go, 'What
happened to them? There was an
anointing on them one time, but they're
gone.'But
when you say, 'I've been in ministry
and I'm a female and I've been doing
this for 40, 50 years, whatever.
How long has
yours been?'you
should pay attention
because they're doing something
where
they beat the odds.
It's like you watch somebody and they've
played chess perfectly.
'How did you do that?'Only by the grace
of God, by the glory of God.
That's not normal.
If it was, everybody would do it.
But God puts His hand on people and you
honor it and you learn from it. I've
learned to be quiet and
listen. I may talk a lot sometimes
around them because I'm trying to pull
stuff from
them,
but I'm learning to be still
and listen because you can learn a lot
more with these two ears than
always with your mouth.
It's the truth. I listen to
them
and I go, 'There's something so
deep.'I
know they don't talk a lot.
These elders don't talk a lot. They
don't. So, I pull from them.
I try to grasp wisdom when I get
these conversations with them, the
more I get into ministry, because I want
to learn. I don't want to learn from the
young buck. I want to learn from the old
one because they're still alive. It's the
old deer with the old antlers that's
made it through all the hunting seasons
that you go, 'How did you make
it?'The
young buck, he's just dodged
some arrows. He's dodged some bullets and
he's still going, saying, 'I've
made it.'And you're like, 'Sit down,
buddy. You don't know nothing.'But it's
the old deer that the meat's tough,
and you go, 'How did you make it through
all those hunting seasons?
How did you do
that?'It
was by the grace of God.
There's something about listening to the
elders,
and I honor it and I respect it so much.
That's why I try to glean from Billy,
both Billies. I go, 'Just give me
five
minutes of your time. Just—I want to
know.'Especially
if you see the anointing
and you sense it
there. You see people all the time,
they
lay hands on people, there ain't
no power. But when you get around some
people who have some power, 'Teach me
how you got that spark
and how
it lasted.'They
don't go around looking for
everybody to lay hands on them.
They got it and they know how to
cultivate it themselves.
And I go, 'That's
it.'It's
easy to get it and have it for
a little bit, but to keep it and sustain
it for decades,
I don't know. I just tell you all my
little things that I'm thinking about.
That's my thing before I pray.
I try to pull you along my road that
I'm going down. I'm just really open
and honest with
y'all.
You know, I don't have it all figured
out,
but I watch the elders
and I watch the people and I listen to
their conversations, and I think about
what they think about going on
because
I know what the Father has told me
I'm going to do
and I don't have a clue how
I'm going to get there.
In fact, it freaks me out. It freaks
Diana out, and I go,
"It'll
only be by the grace."All what I'm
doing right now is all God.
It's
not that I'm a polished
speaker.
It's not that I have some kind of
something special. He showed me
something, and the cloak comes on, and I
tell you what's coming because he says
to do it,
and I pray it
lasts.
I just say, "Okay,
God."But
if it don't, I act like
yesterday: I pull the video, I turn it
off, and I say, "We're going on our
way,"because
it was stinky.
There was no anointing.
I feel his presence right now. That's why I
keep talking.
I feel him.
I feel him. And when I feel him, I go, "Oh,
in his presence there's fullness
of
joy."And
there's so many people
that I've come across, even at this
meeting, that are so desperate for so
much. It's like this one man came up to
me: "I'm not letting you go until
you give me my
blessing."I
don't know what to give. I don't have
nothing for you.
I don't know what to even tell you.
But
so many people are so desperate.
So this is my time to tell you
we're in the end times.
We're here.
And it's amazing to be able to talk to
another seer tonight that is seeing, and
has contacts with the government,
and is able to say, "Listen, Brandon,
you're right on target.
All glory to
Jesus."So,
I've had some amazing prophetic words,
and they give you hope to keep
you going,
to tell you this is what God's called
you to do and this is what you're going
to do, and it's going to be so all this
and all that, and you go, "Okay, God,
you know, but I just trust you,
but I need
impartation."And
I go, and I seek it, and I get it,
and I grab a hold of it like a
bulldog on a bone.
And I'm saying, "I'm going to fight and
contend for what's mine, what God
has for me so I can give it to the
people, so that when I get on the other
side, he says, 'Well done, thou good
and
faithful servant. Enter into my
rest.'"Because
we're so close. And
I am sowing my seed for the
thousand
years.
Most people have no idea. They're sowing.
Every day you wake up, every time
you go to bed, whatever you do, all you
do in word and indeed, do all to the
glory of God. I'm telling you,
you're sowing for the thousand years.
It's not even about them.
A lot of
this—I've
seen into the
thousand
multiple times.
And I don't want to be a janitor over
there like I was here.
I
said,
"Please, Lord, I don't want to do it on
both sides. Thousand
years.""Well,
Brandon, you didn't
qualify. Go over there and clean them."I
said,
"Okay, I'll do it for
you."But,
you know, I'm going to try to
say, "Please, let me do something
else."So,
all right. Well, that's enough
tonight. That was good. Let me pray with
y'all.
Now, we can jump in the river. I
feel him. The
pool.
What time is it?
How long did I talk?
Fifty-nine
minutes.
Oh my goodness, an hour again. Brandon
103.
Well, hopefully it blessed you. Don't
you get tired of not knowing what to do
with the money?
People want to struggle all the
time. "Well, you know, we're supposed to
be poor,
brother."Baloney!
That is ignorance.
We're not supposed to be poor. We're
supposed to be the head, not the tail, above
and not beneath. It's ignorance, and
people want to
wallow around in poverty. God does not
want us poor.
He wants us to—"Beloved, I wish above all
things that you prosper
and be in health, even as your soul
prospers."I
like that. Welch's.
Is
that wonderful?
I know it's probably not good for you,
probably.
Father, we just love you.
Glory to God.
For the Lord is good,
and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good,
For the Lord,
he is good,
and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to me, oh
Father.
Great is your faithfulness to me.
Great is your mercy and your loving
kindness. Thank you, Lord, for all that
you've done and all that you're going to
do. For great is the faithfulness of the
Lord Jesus Christ on me and my wife and
my children.
Take us home, Lord. Come and get us,
Lord. Father, I thank you, Lord, for you
are—your
drawing nigh. Father, for
your return is drawing nigh.
We bless you, Lord.
I love it when he—I feel him.
I'm so thankful that when it's not there
yesterday, it makes you go, "Oh goodness,
what do you do? Without Jesus, I can do
nothing.
For you are the King of Kings and you
are the Lord of
Lords."Breathe.
Breathe
upon me,
breath of God.
Breathe upon me,
spirit of the Lord.
Come breathe
upon me,
breath of God.
Breathe
upon me,
spirit of the Lord.
I feel you, Lord.
I acknowledge your presence.
As I enter
into your goodness,
unto your name,
oh most high,
yielding
to the spirit,
walking
in your love.
Jesus,
I
adore your holy name.
Come breathe
upon me,
breath of God.
Breathe
upon me,
spirit of the Lord.
Oh Father,
come breathe upon us, oh Lord,
unto your name,
oh most high,
yielding to the spirit,
walking in your love.
Jesus,
I adore your holy...
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your praises fill our hearts. Let
each vessel offer up
to you the sacrifice of praise.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory,
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory,
Jesus, you alone.
Sing it.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus,
you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Oh Father,
somebody's thyroid just got healed.
I saw it, and it was lit up right here.
And the Lord said the thyroid
gland—all
that thyroid is being healed right
now miraculously by the power of the
Holy Ghost. Whoever is believing for a
thyroid, the Lord just showed me a
thyroid just completely being restored. And
you're going to start to feel different
after this day.
I'm telling you, I just saw this thyroid
in the spirit, and you're getting a brand
new thyroid all up in here. I saw it, and
the Lord highlighted that before me. He
said, "The thyroid is being healed right
now."You
alone are holy.
Yep.
It's getting new blood supply to it.
It's actually getting new blood supply.
I see the veins. I see there's blood
flow. There's blood flow. There's new
blood flow coming. And it's like it's
glowing. It's glowing. This thyroid is
completely glowing, and it's starting to
get brand new blood flow. All of it's
being restored. It's all being restored.
New body parts. You need to receive it
right now. I see new body parts coming
into this thyroid. That's like a brand new
thyroid.
Hypothyroidism is being healed.
That's right.
Oh,
glory to God for that. I just saw for
you.
That's glorious.
And your mind's going to
start to
feel clear.
It's
been a heaviness and a fog on
your brain,
and that's lifted off right now.
It's lifting off. It's lifting off right
now—a
complete restoration of all that you
need.
It'll go into the blood, it's going to
go into your mind, all that you need
within three days.
Within three days, you'll see the complete
manifestation of everything. All through
the blood, everything, the hormones
regulating. I see a three-day window. The
Lord shows me three days. I saw the number
three. And the Lord said three days: Monday,
Tuesday, and by Wednesday, you're going
to see a great difference in your body.
Do you hear me?
I saw three days: Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday,
for clearness.
Clearness in your thoughts, clearness in
your mind, the way you're able to
function in your remembering things. I
see a clearness coming to you.
And it's going to even regulate your
weight.
This has been affecting how you've been
gaining weight,
with the regulation of your...
Oh, there's so much with
the brain, you know. That's really
interesting how much.
Oh, glory to God, it's going to affect
your whole life better.
I'm excited for you. Isn't that
wonderful? Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Such a blessing
when I see what he does for his people.
I'm excited for you.
Whoever this is, I want you to email us
and tell us about your testimony.
That'll
be exciting. I'll
be
excited. I want to
hear about it,
especially by the third day. I want to
know about Wednesday, how this is
feeling, how your brain's feeling.
There is a spinal cord—your spinal cord
is being healed. I see the nerves.
There's someone right now. I see your
spinal cord, and it's going down your
back. And it's actually—this is what's so
interesting about this vision—it has
all these nerve endings and it goes out
like this, right? And it's going towards
your tailbone, but then it's glowing.
The spinal cord is glowing like you
have one of those neon lights, like
one of these lights that I have on me
right now. It's actually glowing, that
spinal cord right now, but it's a blue
light.
It's like a blue-greenish light that is
glowing on the spinal cord. And the
Lord's highlighting this to me, and he says,
'Someone there, you have nerve damage.
You have nerve damage, and you have a
healing going in your body right
now.'And
it's closer to your tailbone area.
It's right in the middle of your back,
right? Okay. So, you have the middle of
the back. So, it's down just below where
your hipline is. It's right in
there.
I see the hipbone and it's all
highlighted right now in this vision. And
I can see, and the Lord said he's
touching this spot right here by
your tailbone, where the
tailbone in the middle of the back is.
You're getting
touched right there. You have some
kind of damage there from your
spine.
Yep, that's
what
the Lord says.
I hear it so clear. I see it so clear.
You're being restored radically right
now, whoever you are.
That's really cool, isn't it? I love
to see that kind of stuff for people
because
they've been suffering in pain.
Are you okay,
Braden?
You okay?
You
alone are worthy.
You alone are holy.
You deserve the glory,
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory,
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy. There's a young girl
that has disappeared
and the
family—there's
a family and you're believing
God for this young girl.
She
looks like a white girl.
She's a white girl, and I see
her. She ran away from home,
and the family is praying and
you're asking God to bring this young
girl home. And the Lord wants me to tell
you, your child is safe.
Your child is safe,
and the Lord's bringing this child home.
She's acting rebellious. She went away
with this boy,
and I'm telling you, she's safe.
That's
to give you peace so you can sleep.
This child is safe. His hand is on her.
His hand is on her. He's heard your
prayers.
You're up at night consistently
worried, and you have not been able to
sleep. And the Lord told me to tell you,
your child is safe.
Your child is safe. This girl is safe.
She's safe.
She's
safe.
I
see her, and she's in a place with a lot
of lights.
I see lights.
I see
a Waffle House. She's
by a Waffle House.
I see the Waffle House
very clear. There's a Waffle House here.
This young girl is by a Waffle House.
Where?
What is that over there in the
corner?
Is that a Wendy's?
It looks like a Wendy's.
Can you turn that dryer off for a
second, love?
I'm looking over, it's
distracting me.
Thank you, love.
Yeah, it looks—okay. So,
there's a Waffle House here, and I see
there's another restaurant right over
here, and it looks similar to a
Wendy's.
Is that
a—I
can't make the M. It's hard for me
to make that restaurant out, but I know
this one is a Waffle House.
Lord, what is that?
I see—okay, so I see blue lights.
I see a white light and I see the
red,
and it's blurry. It's not so clear
to me,
but I see a blue. It's a light blue,
white, red,
and it looks like it's on a
sign like this, but it's faded. But I
see the Waffle House.
Yep,
everything is okay.
We thank you, Lord, that you convict her
right now to come home. And we rebuke
the drugs.
I see drugs involved. Drugs.
Bad drugs.
Addictions to drugs. It's related
to this boy.
That's what's got her hooked.
So, we
come against that spirit of addiction
that's driving her to do what she's
doing.
Rebellion is coming from these drugs.
I believe it's methamphetamines,
like the stuff—I see the track
marks,
doing the drugs.
We call her sober.
We call her sober and delivered from
methamphetamine. Do you understand?
That's what I just got in the spirit. We
call her delivered from
methamphetamines.
It's the drugs.
We thank you, Lord.
We
give you glory
that you delivered her today.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. We call her mind flooded
with light. That demonic spirit, I see
you.
You've got to let her go.
I see you. He's
trying to talk back at me.
I see him. I told him you've got to let her
go.
There's trees around there. I see
a tree.
We call you home today,
hun.
Go home to your mom and daddy.
Go home to your mom. I speak to your
heart.
And what has deceived you so greatly, we
call you delivered today in the name of
Jesus. And
you go home.
You go home right now. You
go
home
right now
in
Jesus'name.
Call them right now.
We call you home in
Jesus'name.
Glory to God.
I know—I say, okay, you can move on
now.
I see the Dallas Cowboy stadium.
I see the Dallas Cowboys stadium,
Arlington area.
Arlington.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
We thank you, Lord. So, what is going on,
Father, with the Dallas Cowboys and all
that area right there?
What am I seeing about Dallas Cowboys?
About the stadium?
It's right there by Six Flags.
Where is all that right there?
He said, 'Remind them
of the one building in Chicago
and a great distraction in
another.'We
had them on the run.
The one main guy,
I see him so clear again. The one main
guy, he's always steps ahead
because he's being
warned before they get there. There's a
rat within.
There's a rat within.
I see it so clear. The rat within.
There's more rats within.
He's running
trying to hide
because of the rat within.
I see them.
The people, they get there right after
it's too late.
So, Father,
I want you to focus on this.
We want to catch this man.
He has an informant.
And in this informant,
the informant is warning this man
before the good guys get there to get
him
because this guy's a rat.
And we want this man, for he's the head
of the snake in this area.
He's the head of the snake.
And if we can get this head,
we will get the tail.
Do you understand what I'm trying to
tell you? Because I can't say too much,
but I want you to pray in the spirit
with me
that we catch this one man.
We catch this man. This one man is the boss, and there's two
others
behind him.
They're dressed in black.
So, if you help me,
I believe we can get the rat, the
mole,
the mole that's leaking. He's good
at his job
and he's very clever
on how he does this.
But the Lord wants this man caught.
There's two others, but there's one. And he
says, 'This is a head of a
snake.'So,
if we can do
this, we'll get rid of one bad man
out of this equation, and it will be
like a domino concerning other major
activities in our country
because
he's an informant.
He's the one that
delegates. That's a good word: delegate.
Two more men,
but they're behind him.
One man is the boss. He's dressed in solid
black. He has a black hoodie on,
a zip-up hoodie.
I can see him,
but
I can't go into detail any more than
that.
I'm sorry.
The
Lord says, "Be
still."We
want to pray for this
to be caught.
Let's pray this together.
Let's just pray for five minutes here.
We can do this. And we're
going to catch them. We want him to be
found so that he gets misinformation
and that the people catch on to the rat,
the mole, and are able to go and
give him false information and catch
this dude.
Call confusion in the camp.
Father, we thank you for confusion in
the camp.
We call confusion
in the camp,
just like you did in the
Bible times where they turned on
themselves.
Father, when they
heard Gideon's army blowing their horns
and they said, "Sound the
alarm,"and
Gideon, he was up there.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I'm seeing a lot of detail right now. I
can't talk about
it.
Help me, Holy Spirit, to never forget
this. I need to remember.
My head's on fire.
Papa
is
saying
they're underground.
No way.
He said, "Don't tip him
off."The
base
is very detailed.
I've seen a lot,
though.
I can tell you where
these guys are.
I don't know what city this is, though.
I don't know what city
it is.
Lord, I thank you. I'm not afraid.
I
need
wisdom.
I'm bold as a lion, Lord.
I see so clearly. I
thank you for this, Lord. I see it.
The Lord said, "Just pray
into it.
It's not a big deal."He just said, "Just
Brandon, just pray into it.
They'll never find them
without a
key card.
Yes, they will. We call them
exposed. We call this base,
this
thing, exposed in the name of Jesus.
I see who is helping.
Father, I ask you right now
for every one of these politicians to be
brought to justice.
I ask you for these judges and these
people, this law enforcement, to be
brought and exposed for who they really
are.
I ask you, Father, for every single one
of them. I see why.
Oh, what a tangled web they
weave.
All hidden things be revealed in the
name of Jesus.
I see the Justice Department is right on
their heels.
Hear me.
The blonde lady, I see her.
Is her name Pam Bondi?
We pray for her to have wisdom. Is this
the woman I'm looking at right now? I
see this lady,
this
woman. Pray for her.
Is she Attorney General?
Okay,
I want you to hear me:
pray for her.
We must protect this woman.
You must pray for her safety.
I see something I cannot talk about;
it's very clear.
You must pray for her protection.
I see a bounty on her head,
but it's
underground.
You must pray for that woman's
protection.
I see like the
old-timey westerns
where
they say "$50,000
reward"on
a billboard and it has the face
of the bad guy,
like a cartoon. You know what
I'm talking about? This is what I see.
Oh,
there's more than one face.
They have a hit list for every one of
these people in the cabinet,
and there's a certain amount of money.
I see who is funding it.
I cannot say any of this outside.
I can say pray for her
safety.
Pray for her.
You must pray for this woman.
I
pray
a hedge of the blood of Jesus around
her.
I pray protection around this
woman right now in the name of Jesus,
and that the angels of the Lord are
camped around her right now in
the name of Jesus.
I call protection all around her and
her vehicle. I see
an
SUV. I pray protection around
this black SUV
she's in.
I pray protection around
this woman.
The number that is on her for
$50,000—could
be another zero,
500—but
I see the number five and it goes
faded,
00,
on the billboard.
Father,
I plead the blood of Jesus over this
woman.
She's good at her job. Give her
supernatural wisdom about the rats.
She's uncovering things that are too
close. Do you understand?
She has something.
We must protect her
in the spirit.
She's about to uncover
a network
that is very bad.
She has it,
and it's like a football.
It looks like a spiral
football—that's
only the
thickness—but
it looks like one of those
Debbie cakes.
It has the cream in the middle.
I know that sounds funny, folks, but it's
not. This is like a spiral circle,
it's layers,
and she's going to uncover the layers.
She's going to expose these layers. You
must protect her in the spirit realm.
She doesn't know what
to do with what she has.
We pray for her.
We pray a hedge of protection around
this woman.
Thank you, Father,
for your angels watching over her.
The Lord said, "I've got
this."That's
why he just said,
"Brandon,
I've got
this."And
when he says that to me,
that's my assurance. I know I can
release it
because
he said, "I've got
this."I
always wait
for it.
He always has everything, ladies
and gentlemen, but I wait for him to say
certain things to me.
It goes clear down to the southern
border.
She needs more information. It's not
enough.
I hear, "It's not
enough."She
needs a little bit more
to make it enough.
That's the word I hear. She says,
"I just
need a little bit
more,"and
it's
sealed.
And this is serious,
and
it will be nailed shut. It will be
nailed tight, shut
close,
done.
No squirming.
It's done. And it's involving this
certain man.
I see his face.
Everyone knows who this man is.
We just need a little bit more.
Can I say his name?
Oh my goodness. I'm seeing
Braden.
This man used to be in the Biden
administration.
He was in the Biden administration and
he gave Trump a lot of trouble.
I see him,
and he is guilty.
Don't put his name in there. I don't
want my livestream getting taken
down.
So if they're trying to guess who he is,
please leave it alone. The Lord
said leave it alone.
Don't get my livestream taken
down by YouTube.
Do
you want to keep praying this
with
me?
I just can't say some of this stuff.
It's on that drive.
You'll find it. Guide her, Lord. It's
right there
on that
drive.
Open her eyes
that she sees it tonight
in her sleep,
even in her sleep. Holy Spirit,
show her.
Show her
through the back door of this computer
software.
I call her
to see it,
to get it
through the back door. He tried to erase
it,
he tried to hide it,
but she'll get it through the back door.
I see a back door.
Now, Father, I pray a hedge of blood
around me, my wife, and my children.
And I put angels around us, Father. And
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed
against us will prosper.
I thank you, Lord, that
translucent
angels are watching over
me, my wife, and my kids.
I fear no evil. I
fear
no
evil,
for you are with me.
I thank you for uncovering this
and bringing this man to justice. You
bring these people, for it is
a web they have
weaved—a
deep web. This goes way
back.
I see the blood
of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus.
We laugh at what the devil had planned.
We laugh at what you have said. We will
not have it. We have the victory, and we
pray from the victory side, and we
receive everything that you have for us.
Every one of these rats will be
exposed and brought to justice, and we
call Pam Bondi protected in
Jesus'name.
We call her a hedge around and about. I
don't know if she's married, if she has
kids, I don't know, but I call a hedge
around and about this woman
in Jesus'name because I heard her name
specifically. I saw her face
and the Lord said,
'You must protect
her.'This
is so much bigger than what anybody
could ever comprehend.
It's actually shocking to me.
We thank you for President Trump today.
We pray over his family. We pray over
his wife and his marriage, over his
health and all the witchcraft that's been
assigned
against him to try to take him
down. We thank you, Lord, that the
angels of the Lord are encamped around around and
about him in the name of Jesus. We pray
over President Trump in the name of
Jesus that the angels of the Lord are
protecting his heart,
protecting his arteries,
his neck, his blood
flow, and his feet. I thank you, Lord,
that he will live long and finish strong
and finish this job that he has to
do. I pray over his marriage.
I pray over his love life. And I
thank you, Father, that they have a
refining,
that they would come back together
stronger than they ever have before,
Father. They'd finish this journey
together,
not apart.
I pray over Barron. I pray over Don
Jr.,
over Eric and the girls, Ivanka
and Missy.
And I pray even over Kai.
And I thank you, Father, that the angels
of the Lord are camping around and about
this family. And that a thousand
should fall at their side and 10,000 at
their
right hand, but it would not come
nigh them. Your angels are around and
about them, and Father, the glory of
the Lord is around them
and you have called them to the kingdom
for such a time as this.
And I thank you, Father, that their
Secret Service has their eyes doubly
open. They're able to
see, and they're able not just with the
human natural eye, but Father, with the
spirit, they're able to see what's
coming
like a prophetic eye.
They're able to see with a prophetic
eye,
Father, to know how to protect our
nation.
Now, Father, I pray over the
Israel
conflict, and we call peace over
Jerusalem. We call peace and blessing
over the area. And we thank you, Lord,
that Israel is forever.
Israel is forever.
And we thank you, Father, that the
blessing of the Lord is on Israel,
Father, and that they have peace
over there and the Gaza war and all
this is over. And that, Father, the
people have peace in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels that
are going before and protecting them,
Father, and for what I've seen trying to
come with terrorist attacks and a war
within.
I thank you, Father, that this
does not happen. That people will not
lose their lives by the tens of
thousands.
You know, it's interesting
when you go to pray against something
like that and then all of a sudden
it's pulled back
and the Lord says this, like you're
praying into that, and that's all
right. You know, when I was praying,
I could feel
it.
It's almost like you can feel a
balloon getting deflated,
and it's interesting how when I
flow, I can see it.
The main flow of what he wants to do
is pray for Pam Bondi
and
praying over these people.
And even, oh, listen to this:
pray for Alex Jones.
Pray for his safety.
Pray for Alex
Jones'safety.
I see it.
Pray for Alex
Jones'safety.
He's going to uncover some things.
You say, 'Oh, no.
He's deep state. He's this. He's
that.'I
see his heart changing.
I see something. I see inside of him an
awakening,
an awakening unto God.
Alex Jones is going to have an awakening
unto
God,
a major,
major
awakening inside of him.
Alex Jones is going to have a major
awakening unto God moment.
There's something about to happen with
this man.
You need to hear this:
God's going to spare his life.
God is going to spare his life. And
incidents
like Charlie Kirk, God is
going to spare his life. I see his life
being spared.
And he's going to have an awakening
unto
God in the days ahead. Watch this.
Alex Jones is going to have an awakening
unto
God.
He'll become very much a vocal
presence,
cleaning things up
and becoming more awakened.
I can only tell you what I see in the
vision.
You say, 'Brandon, does all the visions
you see
come to
pass?'Not
all of them the way
I see it. They're prayed away. Things
are moved.
But I'm telling you,
you'll see it in the news.
It's a prophetic
lens, ladies and gentlemen. It's not
prophetic.
It's seeing beyond, of knowing how to
pray into something.
Most people say, 'You're a prophet,
Brandon.'I
have never said that.
I see in the future how to pray for
things.
And I'm telling you what's coming.
You must pray for him.
You must pray for Alex Jones.
You must pray for this man.
Same with Tucker Carlson,
but it's
weaker—it's
not as strong.
Something he's going to uncover.
There's something here
they
try to silence,
and this time
they will be
about to succeed to silence him forever.
But the Lord will intervene.
There's something here
for
me.
Sabba,
how long, hun?
Two
hours.
Exactly. Two hours and
three
minutes. Isn't
it
amazing? I can feel the
shifting.
He says, 'You're about ready to
close.'And
I said,
'Okay.'I've
said what I was supposed to say.
So, we pray for over an hour.
Lord, is that all you want to say
tonight?
He said you can close with this.
Pray for the economy
there.
It's all by design.
It's all by
design—the
government shutdown. It's all by
design.
I see the Federal Reserve.
It's all by design.
That's what he said.
It will give us what we're looking for.
Do you understand?
It will give us what
we're looking for—a
spark.
A spark.
Close in this month.
Spark.
More points. More points.
More points
in
the housing market,
the big building business
market.
Remember what he said?
The
pig—he's
walking a pig.
I see it again. I see Trump walking a
pig.
He's walking the pig with lipstick on
the pig.
He's parading the pig,
and he's holding the interest rates, and
he's talking about the housing
market, and there's a green arrow.
He's holding this.
He's walking a pig.
Oh my goodness.
The Lord wants to give you a
window.
The Lord wants to give you the window.
New York is in trouble. New York is
in trouble. A
great shaking is coming
to New York—a
great shaking is coming to New York
with
the real estate market, with all of it.
I see many, many, many
on
Billionaires'Row
fleeing. They're fleeing.
They'll leave
Row.
They're going down to Miami.
They're going to Miami.
Billionaires, the big businessmen,
they're leaving, and they're going to go
to Miami.
They'll go to Texas.,
they're wanting to pack
their stuff up and they're leaving.
I see them fleeing
like rats on a ship.
I see people with really nice suits
on—really
nice, I'm talking big
money—leaving.
And I see West Palm Beach.
A great change is coming.
Wealth transfers, like wealth coming from
this state to this state.
Gavin's
days are numbered.
And I'm not talking about death. I'm
talking about removal.
Say, when, Brandon, when do
you see this happen? All I saw
was him fading away
concerning California. You understand?
So I'm going to, for instance, say, 'Well, it's
political violence.'No, that's not what
I'm saying.
People are getting
frustrated even more. You understand?
Like, they're frustrated.
The rich are getting
very annoyed.
It's almost like he fades
into
the background. He's trying to
just save face
because
he wants to run for president.
You understand?
He wants to take the office of the
United States of America in 2028.
He wants his influence to grow, to
come out. I'm telling you, with
Booker—you
understand who I'm talking about?
The African-American
man—Gavin,
I'm telling you, will
try to get support,
wanting their name in the hat.
That's
my time. This
man is
dark.
Booker,
too.
It's
almost like they're
drunk on their own success. They're
drunk on their own power. They don't
even realize
what people really think of them.
And there's a group of people
like us; we don't like them.
But they're drunk on their own success,
their own pride,
blinded by their own ignorance of who
they are inside.
But there's a face coming out
of the dark.
Who is that?
It's a woman.
There's a woman whose face is coming
out of the dark.
I can't make her out.
I see a portal,
and a face is coming out of the dark.
Who is that?
This is for the
Democratic Party.
They're trying to groom somebody.
It's like they're
walking with a major limp.
Too
much momentum within the
Republican
Party.
Glory to God.
Wow.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you can end it
there.'We
love
you,
Lord.
We love you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for your voice.
We give you praise and glory,
oh,
for telling us the great
story,
Father, of what's coming,
Father, telling us
that
Your Son's
return is coming soon.
Glory to God.
Remember,
there'll be faces that you've never seen
before rise up in the days ahead.
Similar to how Barack Obama
came out of nowhere. A
light
came up, the senator
came up,
and he exploded into light.
The reason why I
saw his name is because immediately I saw him in
a vision. Remember how
Barack Obama did it? It was like
boom,
and his fame came overnight. So many
people loved him.
He was Chicago, right?
Chicago,
and it came out of nowhere. It's like,
Senate. Boom. I believe
this one will try to be anointed by
the devil.
To be anointed by the devil.
Christians, you better take things more
seriously. That's what He just said.
You better take things more seriously.
We will not lose
this nation.
It will not become a goat nation. We
will remain a sheep nation.
And do not think, because we have this
window of opportunity with President
Trump, that you can let your guard down. We
occupy until He comes.
We occupy until He comes.
We must pray against these things.
We have a window,
and the Lord has blessed us with this
window.
But do not squander it. Do not put your
head back in the sand and go, 'Well,
it's okay. We're going home in the
rapture.'We
occupy until He comes.
No man knows the day or the hour. I have
what I feel is a pull to within three and
a half
years. But what if not? We just go,
'Well, we let go of the rope. We lose
the nation
again.'No.
The devil has a plan.
But God has a bigger plan.
We must pray out the plan.
Do not give up and go, 'Well,
it's not my problem anymore. We have
Trump.
He needs our help,'and Pam Bondi needs our
help. Do you understand? That's why we
have this channel.
We must pray
for their protection and for them to
have wisdom on how to nail this thing
closed.
These people are like slippery little
snakes. They're lizard worms. They're able to
get out of things real easy. But you
want their case to be firm and to be
nailed tight
so that whenever it goes to trial, they
won't be able to say they got away.
It has to be nailed tight.
It's not enough yet.
As the Lord says, 'It's not enough
yet.'You
must continue to pray for her,
but she needs protection.
This is very serious.
Glory to God.
That was heavy tonight, son.
I said a lot.
I appreciate every single one of you
joining me tonight.
I believe we did a lot of work,
but we didn't scratch the surface
of
what I saw.
This is very dark.
The web of this is very dark, and it goes
clear to the southern border.
Oh, Jesus.
I just can't let it go.
We must pray for her.
We pray over Alex
Jones tonight.
We lift him up before You. We lift him
up before You.
We pray a hedge of protection around
them. We pray a hedge of protection
around them. We thank You, Lord,
for the angels of the Lord that
are camped around and about them.
Thank You, Father, for Your angels.
Lord, we send
angels'aid
and assistance all
around them
in Jesus'name.
Angels'aid
and
assistance.
All on that
list—this
hit list.
See,
it's underground chatter, and there's a
list of people, and there's a bounty on
their heads, on each one.
Some are priced higher
than others.
There's somebody big funding this,
each one,
and even Supreme Court
justices.
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
There's a list,
and
it's underground chatter,
and there's a bounty, and we must
protect them by the blood of Jesus.
I don't know how these people
communicate. I believe I have a
glimpse of it,
but they're
looking for somebody who has courage
in their eyes.
They want to bring
instability
to
the nation to bring in radical
jihad.
And we have the greatest leaders that
we've had in decades over our
beautiful nation.
We must pray for them. They're
under
attack.
We must pray for them, that they're
protected by the blood of Jesus. Do you
understand?
You say, 'Well, it's not my
problem.'No,
it is your problem.
God has given you authority to pray
over your area.
And you pray over our law enforcement.
You pray over our FBI. You pray over our
Homeland Security and our Secret
Service. You intercede for them. It's
your job,
especially because as America goes, so
goes
the world.
It's so important.
You cannot just go, 'Well, it's your
problem, Brandon.
It's your problem,
Billy, or
whoever.'No,
we're the body of Christ.
We're a team.
We're all part of the body.
Not one of us is more special than the
other. But I'm telling you, from what I
just saw
that I can't even talk about,
you must pray for these people.
This is very serious.
It's not just about Donald's family.
I saw something more tonight,
and we must pray for them.
And I know I keep saying that, but
I'll keep going over this and
over this and over this.
Pray over Giuliani.
Praying over these people.
Pray protection each day.
Mike Huckabee,
pray over Mike Huckabee.
You understand?
Pray for his safety.
Radical
people
with deep pockets.
And you know what I think right now?
Look, listen to me.
If they would pass laws
to regulate
crypto—not
trying to put their finger in the pie,
but these bozos are using
this
for
all that underground money.
All that money transferring around,
all of it,
it's under the surface.
It's
like
I see a tentacle here,
I see a tentacle here, I see a tentacle
here. And this one has sex
trafficking on it.
This has fentanyl on it.
This is human trafficking,
even body part trafficking.
Like organs,
Pizzagate.
Oh
my God,
these people are going to be so
judged.
I don't even know how you could forgive
this.
They are sick.
I've seen enough tonight. I'm tired.
Sick, man.
What is wrong with people, man?
They're so messed up.
God just showed me something very heavy.
I love these people.
God,
their day of judgment is coming.
You touch the children,
I'm telling you, your day is coming.
They think they can get away with it now,
son,
but it would have been better for them
never to be born at all.
It makes me angry.
I don't understand what they're doing
with that.
It's through witchcraft. There is a lot of
darkness
associated with it.
Jesus is coming.
That's all that I keep focused on.
Yep,
the world is going to get darker,
but the church is going to get lighter.
And I thought, I don't care about all
that. I can't look at it.
I got a little glimpse of that and that was
enough for me.
I don't want to look at that ever again,
Lord. I don't want to look at that.
Good Lord,
I plead the blood.
Man, there are so many
different directions I can pray
now.
That's why there are so many of us, right?
It's not all on me.
I
tell you, and you all can pray about
it.
I have my plate full. I just felt really
impressed to pray for Alex
Jones.
I can't keep crying because it makes my nose
run,
and the
cold front blew through tonight
and blew some different allergies in
on me.
It's made my nose run and my
voice
sound like that. But I feel good.
I
just
need a first freeze. I need it to
freeze, and whenever it freezes, things
will die.
Well,
glory to God.
It's heavy. I'm done. I'm tired.
That was a lot. And so,
you all have a lot to pray over.
It's not all on me. I bring it
to you. But I'm going to tell you, if
you don't pray for Pam
Bondi,
you don't pray for Alex Jones, you don't
pray for these people,
there's a lot there that I'll never be
able to talk about publicly.
But I saw a lot tonight,
and I only told you the surface.
I'm telling you, by the power of
God, we can stop these people.
We can uncover and
take the head of the snake.
And I believe Jesus gets the victory.
We get the victory. We have the victory
that overcomes the world, even our
faith. Jesus is Lord over America. Jesus
is Lord over the southern border. Jesus
is Lord over MS-13. Jesus is Lord over
the FBI. Jesus is Lord over corrupt
government officials, over our judges,
and over corrupt people
in this country.
All hidden things will be
revealed by the power of the blood of
Jesus.
I believe with all my heart
God didn't show me this stuff just to
show it to me, but to tell you we have
authority. And if we take our authority,
we will have a victory. Do you
understand? He didn't tell it to me
to sit there and go, 'Well, Brandon,
this is what's happening. There's
nothing you can do about
it.'God
does
not speak to hear himself talk. He
speaks to make real things
happen in a real world. Remember that
real things happen in a real world. And
He's going to show us that which is to
come
because
His Son is coming soon. And the revival
is
coming. But we must expose this darkness
for what it is.
Glory to God.
We have authority.
It upsets you when you see
kids involved in things.
I have little kids of my own,
and I want to know where the parents
of
these children I saw
are.
Where are these moms and dads?
Why am I seeing these children going
through this?
There were so many of
them. Where are your mom and dad?
What happened to these kids? Parents,
how is this happening?
I don't get it.
Why would you do that?
Glory to God.
I haven't felt the anointing lift off of
me.
You know, it's like Billy said,
sometimes you just have to unhook.
It just keeps going. I can stay on the
vein for a long time. I know you're
tired, son.
It's like she said, 'You've just got to
unhook, Brandon. You've got to
unhook.'I
get it.
But boy, it makes me so mad when I
see the stuff I've seen tonight.
Do you feel like we pushed enough
deep
in your spirit? I mean, we could pray
into that, but just what I saw in New
York
for hours
uncovering
all that stuff I saw,
it just makes me... they think
they're sly,
and I just go,
'Father, I thank you for President Trump.
You give him wisdom.
Give him
wisdom.'Father,
visit him in the midnight hour. Give
President Trump wisdom, Father,
in
Jesus'name.
We give You all the glory, honor, and
praise. Well, if you all could help me
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, click the thumbs-up button,
and
do all that it takes to get the word
out, we truly appreciate every single
one of you who are helping us as you
come and pray with us. I believe prayer
changes things. I appreciate every
single one of you. You've loved on my
family so much, and you're so gracious
to come here all the time and pray with
us. And so I believe there's much more
to uncover and there's much more to be
praying about in the days ahead. It's so
important. There's so much darkness that
I have seen tonight, but I know that
Jesus didn't show it to us so that we
could just see it. It's so that we can
change things.
And
this
is
to
be continued for sure.
There's much here. So,
thank you for being a part of this and
being part of this prayer night.
I've got to get up early in
the morning.
So, I'm so thankful. Like I said, God
bless you all. Remember, put a smile on
your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much.